Resolve open issues for #255 (#392)
cfrg/draft-irtf-cfrg-vdaf: draft-irtf-cfrg-vdaf.md

    * `nonce` MUST be of length `Idpf.NONCE_SIZE` and chosen uniformly at random by the Client (see
      {{nonce-requirements}}).

  > TODO(issue #255) Decide whether to treat the public share as an opaque byte

>   > string or to replace it with an explicit type.

Reviewer: I think it would be worthwhile to separate public share encoding/decoding from the sharding and preparation routines, and using a type other than `bytes` for the public share internally. This is now the last composite data structure we represent as a byte string in the API, so it would be good to clean this up for consistency.

Author: Done.

1. the XOF seed of type `bytes`;
2. the control bits of type `tuple[Field2, Field2]`; and
3. the payload of type `list[Field64]` for the first `BITS-1` words and
   `list[Field255]` for the last word.

The encoding is straightforward, except that the control bits are packed as
tightly as possible. The encoded public share is structured as follows:

~~~ tls-presentation
struct {
    Poplar1Seed seed;
    Poplar1FieldInner payload[Fi * Poplar1.Idpf.VALUE_LEN];
} Poplar1CWSeedAndPayloadInner;

struct {
    Poplar1Seed seed;
    Poplar1FieldLeaf payload[Fl * Poplar1.Idpf.VALUE_LEN];
} Poplar1CWSeedAndPayloadLeaf;

struct {
    opaque packed_control_bits[packed_len];
    Poplar1CWSeedAndPayloadInner inner[Ci * (Poplar1.Idpf.BITS-1)];
    Poplar1CWSeedAndPayloadLeaf leaf;
} Poplar1PublicShare;
~~~

Here `Ci` denotes the length of `Poplar1ControlWordSeedAndPayloadInner` and
`packed_len = (2*Poplar1.Idpf.BITS + 7) // 8` is the length of the packed
control bits.

Field `packed_control_bits` is encoded with the following function:

~~~ python
packed_control_buf = [int(0)] * packed_len
for i, bit in enumerate(control_bits):
    packed_control_buf[i // 8] |= bit.as_unsigned() << (i % 8)

> packed_control_bits = bytes(packed_control_bits)

Reviewer: nit: typo
```suggestion
packed_control_bits = bytes(packed_control_buf)
```

Author: I'd hardly call that a nit 😬

The aggregation parameter is encoded as follows:

~~~ tls-presentation
struct {
    uint16_t level;
    uint32_t num_prefixes;
    opaque packed_prefixes[packed_len];
} Poplar1AggParam;
~~~

The fields in this struct are: `level`, the level of the IDPF tree of each
prefixes; `num_prefixes`, the number of prefixes to evaluate; and

> `packed_prefixes`, the sequence of prefixes packed into `packet_len` byte
> string. The prefixes are encoded with the following procedure:

Reviewer: typo fix and rephrasing:
```suggestion
`packed_prefixes`, the sequence of prefixes packed into a byte string of
length `packed_len`. The prefixes are encoded with the following procedure:
```

>         beta_inner: list[list[Field64]],

Reviewer: The preamble before this shouldn't mention `encode_public_share()` anymore

> def eval(

Reviewer: Similarly, the preamble before this shouldn't mention `decode_public_share()` anymore
